using replay video capture to capture
our webinar is really easy we play video
capture has settings built into it to
make it simple to set up the program so
that you can know that you'll be
capturing your webinar flawlessly let me
show you what I mean I've got the
program open right here I just need to
go to settings and right here I go to
recommended settings and find what kind
of PC you have either dual core computer
or single core or slower computer I have
a dual core computer and you'll see
there are three different webinar
settings right here first one is a full
screen webinar using the mpeg-2 format
which is going to be a better quality
than the full screen webinar WMV format
and then there's just a movies webinars
and web videos settings I personally
don't think you need to use mpeg-2 for
webinar cuz most of the time they're
just PowerPoint slides so using a
full-screen WMV format is fine I'm going
to click OK and the first thing that
happens is the program asked me which
monitor I want to use I want to be
capturing in full-screen mode I have two
monitors so it's great for for this is I
can have the webinar on one monitor
recorded in full screen while I'm
working on my other one so I'm going to
click OK here it now has set up the
program for me automatically to record
the webinar beautifully it's got the
video and audio settings all set up so
all I need to do is click close I'm
going to start the webinar on my other
screen and now I'm going to and now my
webinar is recording I'll record it just
for a little bit really so that's all I
just want to show you a little bit of
how it worked I click stop to play it
back all I need to do is click play it
brings up my designated player and there
it is for those of you who just have one
monitor not to worry
replay video capture offers you a couple
options there too you can set it up in
full-screen mode and then use background
mode which is replay video capture
seven's amazing revolutionary feature
that allows you to actually screen
capture from a
my window so you can set it up in
full-screen mode minimize the window and
use your computer screen for other
things while the webinar is recording or
you can just set up a portion of your
screen to be recorded by using the
little show markers feature so all I
need to do is click show markers the
replay video capture recording window
will appear and I can move it but I just
move my mouse to the top of the
rectangle where it says move me size and
click me and just drag the window to
wherever I need it to be and then if I
need to make it bigger or smaller all I
need to do is click on one of the edges
and drag it to the size that I need so
say I want to record just a small
portion of my screen all I need to do is
is my window like one year and you're
gone or whatever it's interesting
because a few people were saying it and
then click record either here or on the
actual window itself you now see that
it's recording and then give it a few
seconds and come back and show you the
quality of my video now all I need to do
is click play and here is my video great
quality so that's all there is to it
replay video capture is your go to
program whenever you need to capture
live streams including webinars sporting
events it's great for capturing movies
on Netflix and TV shows on Hulu so why
not give it a shot today
enjoy